More guidance about examples (#15894)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/structures/page_types/api_landing_page_template/index.md

## Examples

### A descriptive heading

> Each example must have an H3 heading naming the example. The heading should be descriptive of what the example is doing - don't put "A simple example". The heading should be concise: for a longer description use a paragraph after the heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each example must have an H3 heading naming the example. The heading should be descriptive of what the example is doing. For example, "A simple example" does not say anything about the example and therefore, not a good heading. The heading should be concise. For a longer description, use the paragraph after the heading.
```
